and well, it 's talking very well that
PlayStation 4 is going to sell a lot of
that sony could go pretty well
over the next few years but it's not going to
be precisely on the portable terrain
or at least for what we see but they are and
is still buried in that your console
playstation vita will sell and good
Well, the truth is that the console
honestly I have the quality that
offers is impressive and I think so
who deserves it and little by little because
we are seeing that they are approaching
best titles to this sony laptop
but they are still far from reaching
what the great nintendo 3ds has come
the fact is that they are and still think that
Playstation Vita has possibilities in
the portable market suffered a drop in
price this week already you know its
seal oxida president of sony worldwide
studios has already talked about the future of
your long-term laptop eye your
words because he says I still think
we can pursue the portable market
and I do not think I have to take a
decision about it right now as well
the difference between laptops and
mobile phones is becoming more diffuse
we still like playstation vita and
we know that the people who buy it
she is also happy with her the truth
this is that last thing you said to
truth I agree with the people that
buy playstation vita technically not
you can enjoy this console since
technically playstation vita is
Pretty toe is like playing
almost to playstation 3 on a console
laptop and the truth is that that
thanks but it is true that the
catalog has to grow a little bit more
offer some more interesting titles
it is also true that during the
last weeks we have known great
news about playstation vita
that would make us buy the
console is for example that version of
borderlands 2 was a very good news
and also a guarantee that this
console is powerful to hold games
and indeed if you have any questions do not
you have more to try the beta of that
kill are mercenaries for playstation
vita impressive quality
I assure you it seems that we are playing
to a playstation 3 game in a
portable console
the fact is that well you know that
Playstation Vita was put on sale to
end of the year 2011 in japan already
early last year in the rest
of the world the console is suffering a
very slow start
currently but good despite the
improvement of its sales in the territory
Japan already know that this week is
has reduced its official price to 199.99
euros we'll see if this way sells
a little more
very well